Add Acknowledgements (#613)
pytorch/torchtune: README.md

&nbsp;

## Acknowledgements

The Llama2 code in this repository is inspired by the original [Llama2 code](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama/blob/main/llama/model.py). We'd also like to give a huge shoutout to some awesome libraries and tools in the ecosystems!

- EleutherAI's [LM Evaluation Harness](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness)

> - HugginFace for the [Datasets Repository](https://github.com/huggingface/datasets)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hugging Face for the [Datasets Repository](https://github.com/huggingface/datasets)
```
